add docs for gatsby-theme eject (#10)
ChristopherBiscardi/gatsby-theme: README.md

[Warning: Experimental]

## Install

```shell
yarn add gatsby-theme # or, npm i gatsby-theme
```

## Ejecting

```bash
yarn gatsby-theme eject
```

Running this will offer up a menu of gatsby plugins and themes that you can choose to eject a file from. Ejecting the file copies it from its location inside `node_modules` to inside the right path in your project (e.g. `src/gatsby-theme-foobar/components/foo.js`) where it will shadow/override the component from the Gatsby theme.

This is better that doing this manually because you don't have to dig around `node_modules` by yourself, and also it automatically rewrites relative imports with a simple heuristic so they still refer back to their unejected parts.

### Copying vs Extending

Once you have selected a file, the CLI asks if you want to "copy" or "extend".

Copying is the most common operation - this copies over all the code so that you can modify any part of it (and rewrites imports as explained above).

> Extending is a useful operation which still uses shadowing, but instead of copying over all the code, it just imports it so that you can write useful wrappers around it.

Reviewer: Maybe we could simplify this a bit?

```suggestion
Extending is an operation which uses shadowing, but instead of copying over all the code, it performs an import it so that you can wrap the component with additional functionality or styling.
```
